Village chief! Stop!
Have you forgotten where this is?
Master Sun is resting upstairs.
Mrs. Sun doesn't understand the rules.
That’s it for you.
Don’t you understand either?
The old man was blaming them on the surface.
Actually scolding me.
Butler Feng was the one who caused trouble first.
Who is he? No rules.
It's Mrs. Sun.
He said there were not many good people in the Jiang family.
Some of us can't listen anymore.
I just had an argument with him.
That's it.
Mrs. Sun, have you ever said this?
I said it.
Butler Feng, I really didn’t lie.
He really said it
as scary
No matter what Chuzi said
It's your turn to talk nonsense around.
Mrs. Sun
Are you satisfied, okay? But
How to do this? Don’t worry.
Today the Jiang family mansion
If a fly flies in
Even on my head
Did you hear it? Did you hear this cup of tea?
Drink it yourselves
Do you want me to do it for you?
Hurry up
Clean the Jiang family mansion
If half a bug flies in tonight
I'll let you swallow it
Hurry up and get separated from the housekeeper
When did you become so polite to me?
Mrs. Sun is joking
as a servant
You should respect your master
Miss Third, please come to me.
What's the matter
She said she was sick
want to show you
I've sorted out my clothes. Thank you.